hey this is not a deep topic but it's
obviously a topic a lot of people have
in their minds lately the latest channel
to be deleted from vegan YouTube was the
infamous Joe best and before that a
couple weeks ago Martin Lewis had a
channel deleted so there have been
channeled deleted for violations of we
presume ethical guidelines community
standards on youtube I have dealt with
YouTube community standards from all
angles like where I was accused of
breaking the standards and in a few
cases where I accused other people are
breaking the standard there were videos
that were just like to me flagrantly
daxing me abusive a defamatory you know
unbelievable stuff about me on YouTube
and YouTube writes back to me and says
we do not give a now I have some
disadvantages I'm a Canadian citizen if
you are a Canadian citizen youtube
absolutely doesn't give a about you
and the most YouTube will do for you if
you're Canadian citizen is block a video
in Canada so a couple times YouTube has
done that for me and other YouTube
channels have complained about it said
oh this video is blocked in Canada you
know because of ISIL well I didn't write
to them requesting that i wrote to
youtube reporting whatever the problem
was like look this video doctors me
defames me whatever the actual problem
was but the remedy that youtube proposed
in reply to that was to block the video
only in canada which is meaning one and
i have written to YouTube's legal
department and they basically write back
to me saying well if you want to do
something about it you have to sue the
youtuber we don't do anything else if
you're Canadian citizen the only thing
they do for you is block it within
Canada like that will help right well
you know if I have there are people on
YouTube saying that I'm a pedophile
making other really serious thing that
I'm saying making really serious
criminal allegations about me and you
know just the mean-spirited daxing and
what-have-you daxing and defamation what
how is it going to do me any good to
block it in Canada before I was applying
for jobs in Japan
uh you know my new girlfriend her
parents and her brothers googled me in
the United States and they find all this
horrible about me and you know I
got to meet my girlfriend's parents they
did already at a conversation over Skype
it's cool but you know that's an impact
in my real life so you know it's
ridiculous now I don't know some people
say that the game is played in a
completely different way if you're using
YouTube in the United States if you're
using YouTube in England I believe that
because when I talk to their legal
department you know I have it's a
completely separate legal department for
Canada so like the internet is one place
but the illusion that national law
applies to it is rigorously maintained
by youtube so i was saying before
YouTube told me look if you want to do
something about it all we do is block
them within Canada and then beyond that
you can sue them you can start legal
action within canada and i think they
said i can send them the paperwork once
i start the lawsuit like i can show you
tube then I'm suing this person then I
don't know what YouTube does in there
and what you know once you start a
lawsuit you don't want the other person
to delete the videos you want the
evidence still be there for the court so
sorry this is boring but I mean
this is the reality of being a being a
youtuber that reality and this is the
reality people getting there at the
channel ended also and what I said back
to YouTube's legal department is you
must be stupid I'm not going to
sue a youtuber who has no money if I
take the time to file paperwork I'm
going to sue YouTube does youtube if I
have reported to YouTube a crime such as
defamation against me and they are
continuing to profit from that crime on
their channel after they've been advised
then it's YouTube I'm going to sue a
YouTube we're going to pay me money to
settle in court the particular person
with the channel ain't they don't
have money there's no point suing them
it's not going to change then I'm going
to sue YouTube not not the channel
defaming me if I have already informed
youtube they have a legal responsibility
so that's that would be how the game
will be played in canada and their their
legal department wrote back to me saying
gulp because they know i'm right
sorry guys my education and political
science ain't worth but i can tell
you that
oh don't sue the broadcaster sue youtube
if you're if you're Canadian I'm
obviously if you're living in Zimbabwe I
don't know I mean every country
has its own legal system and YouTube as
a legal department so look in terms
people getting the channel even YouTube
absolutely does not give a about
community guidelines violations anywhere
in the world they only care about towing
the line in terms of the law if you get
in touch with them about a serious
conflict or a serious problem you know
criminal allegations made against you or
something on the other channel uh you
know basically they tell you one talk to
the youtuber yourself talk to the
broadcaster ask them to delete it or ask
them to change what they're saying to
hire your own lawyer start your own
lawsuit so it's very difficult for me to
imagine why the rules are so different
in some of these other some of these
other circumstances it is true that they
rigorously enforced copyright law is a
totally different heading but you know
when people presume that either a you
know Joe best or any of these other
channels they were deleted for what to
us as viewers are egregious ethical
violations of human decency that's
that's very very urgent for me to
believe but if your channel is
registered in thailand i can tell you
something under ty law everything is
defamation if your channel is registered
in england under British law you have no
freedom of speech I have no idea how how
a real dispute would go down in England
the rules will be different everywhere
basically just because you do want to
keep on making money so that's it guys
maybe that's not the response you were
expecting Joe best has in the past very
seriously defame me I think those videos
are deleted most of them I talk to him I
did send an email talking about it I've
talked to Joe best about a variety of
his transgressions you know he has
created conflict with many many people
and he's bathed in disgraceful way both
in real life and
the internet many many times you know I
know him enough to have an opinion about
him I do think he's a despicable human
being you know many other people have
said bad things about him on the
internet whether or not that's
acceptable like you know hannya made it
video absolutely denouncing Joe best and
I know why she actually stayed at his
place she stayed at his house before
that and so on a lot of people have met
him in person have made videos talking
about you know their hatred for him
afterwards and you know I have my own
bad experience with Joe best in terms of
talking to him directly but I still
wouldn't do that I I still don't think
it's cool to you know make a video you
know really denouncing someone in terms
of their character or defaming them and
there are if you go back and look at
that video from hey Nia I think you can
say as bad as Joe vest may have been in
person and so on still it's not really
cool for Hania to defame him that way
and I know the only reason why people
tolerate that on YouTube is this quest
for fame I'm sure when Jo Beth saw that
the first time that henny o was saying
it was such a terrible human being on
YouTube I'm sure he didn't feel hurt or
sad I'm sure he was elated because
hannah has more than a hundred thousand
viewers and he thought this would just
help them to get famous so yes I guess
that's the other moral of the story is
that most of the bad behavior on YouTube
is tolerated by the people who are
victims of it because the people who are
victims people are getting denounced at
the famed or exposed or you know just
putting up with harassment they're
hoping to get famous by being the target
of that kind of defamation than rest